# IntermediateDevProject1
For this game I ended up going overboard with adding extra mechanics and ended up making something that I’m not sure is that much in the spirit of a flat game anymore, but I’m nonetheless happy with it. From the start I wanted to adapt another personal story like I had done a few times with gamemaker last year, and taking inspiration from some of the flatgames I had played for the class. From those, I took from “and I made sure to hold your head sideways” the idea of having all the scenes in one area and placed around so that when transitioning from one to another you could see ones that had happened earlier or would happen later, which was a simple way to make the whole thing feel a bit more unique. Keeping with the theme I also drew all of the characters by hand on a lined notebook which I had never done before, and I liked the more authentic feel it gave to the art, especially contrasting even more with the real life picture backgrounds I used than the pixel art I made in the other games I had made. It also went well with the fact that the story is mainly based around school, where a lined notebook would be most prominent. Programming wise the main problem was the whole dialogue and scene progression system, which I feel like was nowhere near as efficient as it could have been. In past games I had done dialogue through a json with text in it and then written scripts to display that inside a text box, but since I drew all the dialogue bubbles as well, I ended up having to add dozens of variables to the game manager. Even though it was a bit messy, it actually wasn’t terrible to keep track of, since the text, scenes, and players all had consistent numbering to them, including things like the extensions of .5, .75, and .9 all being used for generally the same ideas. I enjoyed the requirement of having sound effects in the game since I had never really used sound in my other games, but I think it added a lot to this, even just the ambience in the background. There are also some issues I had with intractable objects in the game, sometimes it just wouldn’t register without either pressing the spacebar again or moving to a different position, and I’m not sure why. While there are a few issues I have with how the game either plays or is programmed, I’m glad I was able to mostly easily transfer the type of game I had most fun with making in gamemaker to unity.